Objective


My objective was to make educational medicine game with project team. I also opted to be on management side of the project and was very pleased to get that on my shoulders. We built an application with intuitive ui and high availability accross different screen sizes.
I am aiming for excellent grade.

Background/previous understanding of the subject 

I have not been part of project organisation so process of project was mostly new to me. Also Focus tool chain had components new to me (circleci, heroku, doorbell.io) so also new technologies  were present on this project. As a coding languege php was unfamiliar before this years serverprogramming course. CakePHP and MVC model were new to me, but were an interesting challenge to work with.

Project assigment


Assigment was to make an educational game about medication to nursing student on different study levels. Our team consists of five members where two members had main responsibility on coding and rest had responsibilities on documenting, designing and other project related general things.

Fundamental learning


I learned a lot about project working and how to document this work from start to finish. I also learned about CakePHP platform and importance of the ci driven develompent.

Conclusive


Goals that were set were met. The game works as intented and is well documented.
Most of the problems came when trying to fit all peaces of this project together when planning and working with all these platforms and technologies when implementing.
In the future I am going to try to make work of team members more efficient by managing with more refined mindset about how project is supposed to curve from start to finnish. I'm also going to improve my coding and documentation skills.
As a grade I suggest 5 because I managed the project with consistent effort and looked after our sprint and waypoint related goals and also prepared all meetings with client and customers beforehand.

------------------------------------------------------------------ VAIHTO

Objective 

Our objective was to make an educational game about medical knowledge. 

I chose to concentrate on the documentation side of things and also I designed the UI. I am aiming for a grade of 4 to 5. 

Background/previous understanding of the subject  

Documentation was familiar from previous courses, but the use of FluidUI was a new experience. 

Also most of the tools used in the focus chain were new to me. 

The technical documentation was a challenge due to the project being constantly changed so the documentation had to be changed with it. 

 

Project assigment 

The assignment was to make an educational game about medication as I previously mentioned. We had a team of five people, two of which were the main programmers. In addition to this we had a manager and two people working on the documentation and generally organizing the project's upbringing. 

Fundamental learning 

On the course, I learned a lot about working on a project and how to accurately document certain things like the technical side of things. Also I learned that even in a group of five people, it's good to have a couple of outsiders to come in and give some fresh perspective in the form of guest testers. 

Conclusive 

Pretty much all the goals we set, we managed to achieve. The game is working as intended and resembles the designed product. 
Personally my biggest problems came from outside of school due to severe insomnia, which caused some deadlines to be bent around, but these were resolved with the rest of the group. 

In the future I need to work on my programming skills and confidence in my work, especially when dealing with group assignments. 
 

As for the grading, I'd suggest a 4. I was in charge for most of the technical documentations and user manuals and user interfaces, which came out pretty nicely.  

 
